add docs for Enterprise Oracle database plugin with instant client table (#30106)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/commands/plugin/register.mdx

Register an Enterprise plugin:

> -> **Note:** See [Plugin management for Enterprise plugins](/vault/docs/plugins/plugin-management#enterprise-plugins)

Reviewer: We shouldn't be adding an aside between instructions and the intro to those instructions. I would recommend either ditching the aside and making "an Enterprise plugin" in the previous sentence the link anchor or moving the aside to *after* the Enterprise example code.

If we decide to keep the aside:

```suggestion
<Note>

Refer to the [Enterprise plugins](/vault/docs/plugins/plugin-management#enterprise-plugins) section
of the Plugin management page for Vault compatibility requirements.

</Note>
```

Register an Enterprise plugin:

<Note>

Refer to the [Enterprise plugins](/vault/docs/plugins/plugin-management#enterprise-plugins) section
of the Plugin management page for Vault compatibility requirements.

> </Note>

Reviewer: I think something weird happened with the suggestion I added. We should delete line 33, it's left over from the previous note somehow.
